- [ ] 20%: "code quality". This means things like the structure and clarity of your code, modularity, comments/docstrings in functions and testing, proper use of say a function or loop to do something repetitive rather than copy/pasting the same block many times. There's no absolutely hard guideline on how to do this 'right', but overall you can expect that if you have no tests, no functions, no dosctrings/comments, and you copy/pasted multiple times blocks of nearly-identical code, we'll subtract points even if it seems like it all works. The reason is that reproducibility doesn't mean only "can this mess run again and produce similar results?", it means "can I do something useful with it in a year?". For the second to be true, you need some degree of clarity in how you did your analysis.
- [ ] 20%: narrative quality of the support notebook(s). In addition to your 'main.ipynb', there will likely be one or more analysis notebooks. We will look at the quality of your discussion there (not the code). Basically think of your markdown cells as a small essay around your analysis, we'll look at proper explanations, descriptions, etc.
- [ ] 30%: 'main.ipynb'. This is the meat of your distilled work. You should present a compelling question, clear statement of your analysis assumptions, justification of any statistical models and methods you used, etc. This is the document that would be akin to a research paper, and it should be readable as such.
- [ ] 5%: data availability. Wether the data can be included live in the repo or hosted externally is up to you, depending on your project/setup. But either way, you should clearly describe the conditions to access your data, its licensing terms (you need to confirm that this is publicly available data that you can share freely), and if it's not hosted inside the repo, your code should properly fetch it and cache it locally for further reuse.
- [ ] 5%: repository setup. As stated in the instructions, your repo should have proper .gitignore, README.md and LICENSE files.
- [ ] 10%: evidence of team collaboration. We need to see evidence of teamwork. Use github effectively, make sure multiple people commit their parts to the project, you can also use issues in the repo to discuss among yourselves if you want (not mandatory). Furthermore, as indicated in the instructions, you need to provide a statement of author contributions, where the team affirms that each member contributed their fair share of the work and what parts of the project they worked on. While in general we expect to issue team-wide grades, we reserve the right to mark down an individual member of a team if they didn't contribute to the group's effort, as evidence both by the git logs and by your team's author statement.
- [ ] 10%: mechanics of reproducibility: i.e. proper environment.yml and a Makefile that works.
